# 🌐 Browser Extensions

Here is a list of browser extensions that I use and recommend, the list is not exhaustive and
I will keep updating it as I find new ones.

## 2FAS - Two Factor Authentication

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/2fas-two-factor-authentication/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/2fas-two-factor-authentic/dbfoemgnkgieejfkaddieamagdfepnff?hl=en)

2FAS Browser Extension is simple, private, and secure: 1 click, 1 tap, and your token is automatically entered!

## Bitwarden Password Manager

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/bitwarden-password-manager)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/bitwarden-password-manage/nngceckbapebfimnlniiiahkandclblb?hl=en)

At home, at work, or on the go, Bitwarden easily secures all your passwords, passkeys, and sensitive information

## Dark Reader

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/darkreader/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dark-reader/eimadpbcbfnmbkopoojfekhnkhdbieeh)

Dark mode for every website. Take care of your eyes, use dark
theme for night and daily browsing.

## Enhancer for YouTube

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/enhancer-for-youtube/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/enhancer-for-youtube/ponfpcnoihfmfllpaingbgckeeldkhle)

A lightweight and non-intrusive extension that adds useful
features to YouTube.

## Facebook Container

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/facebook-container/)

Facebook Container isolates your Facebook activity from the
rest of your web activity in order to prevent Facebook from
tracking you outside of the Facebook website via third party
cookies.

> **Note:** This extension is only available for Firefox.

## Firefox Multi-Account Containers

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/)

Multi-Account Containers helps you keep all the parts of your
online life contained in different tabs. Custom labels and
color-coded tabs help keep different activities — like online
shopping, travel planning, or checking work email — separate.

> **Note:** This extension is only available for Firefox.

## Google Container

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/google-container/)

Google Container isolates your Google activity from the rest of
your web activity in order to prevent Google from tracking you
outside of the Google website via third party cookies.

> **Note:** This extension is only available for Firefox.

## Grammarly

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/grammarly-1/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grammarly-for-chrome/kbfnbcaeplbcioakkpcpgfkobkghlhen)

From grammar and spelling to style and tone, Grammarly helps
you eliminate writing errors and find the perfect words to
express yourself.

## HTTP Version Indicator

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/http2-indicator/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/http-indicator/hgcomhbcacfkpffiphlmnlhpppcjgmbl)

An indicator showing the HTTP version used to load the page in the address bar.

## Lighthouse

> **Note:** This is available by default in Google Chrome.

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/google-lighthouse/)

Lighthouse is an open-source, automated tool for improving the performance, quality, and correctness of your web apps.

## Material Icons for GitHub

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/material-icons-for-github/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/material-icons-for-github/bggfcpfjbdkhfhfmkjpbhnkhnpjjeomc)

Material icons for the file browser of popular websites like
GitHub, Azure, Bitbucket etc.

## Notion Boost

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notion-boost/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/notion-boost/eciepnnimnjaojlkcpdpcgbfkpcagahd)

Boost Notion productivity with 20+ customizations like outline,
small text full width for all,back to top button etc

## React Developer Tools

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/react-devtools/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/react-developer-tools/fmkadmapgofadopljbjfkapdkoienihi)

Adds React debugging tools to the Firefox Developer Tools.

## Reddit Enhancement Suite

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/reddit-enhancement-suite/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-enhancement-suite/kbmfpngjjgdllneeigpgjifpgocmfgmb)

A suite of modules that enhance your Reddit browsing experience

## Refined GitHub

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/refined-github-/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/refined-github/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf)

Simplifies the GitHub interface and adds useful features.

## Return YouTube Dislike

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/return-youtube-dislikes/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/return-youtube-dislike/gebbhagfogifgggkldgodflihgfeippi?hl=en)

Returns ability to see dislikes

## Stylus

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)

Redesign your favorite websites with Stylus, an actively
developed and community driven userstyles manager. Easily
install custom themes from popular online repositories, or
create, edit, and manage your own personalized CSS stylesheets.

## Twitter Container

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/twitter-container/)

Twitter Container isolates your Twitter activity from the rest
of your web activity in order to prevent Twitter from tracking
you outside of the Twitter website via third party cookies.

> **Note:** This extension is only available for Firefox.

## UBlock Origin

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm)

This is a free and open-source, cross-platform browser
extension for content-filtering, including ad-blocking.

uBlock Origin is not an "ad blocker", it's a wide-spectrum
content blocker with CPU and memory efficiency as a primary
feature.

## VisBug

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/visbug/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/visbug/cdockenadnadldjbbgcallicgledbeoc)

Open source browser design tools

## Wappalyzer

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/wappalyzer/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wappalyzer/gppongmhjkpfnbhagpmjfkannfbllamg)

Identify technologies on websites

## Webhint

[![Firefox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/webhint/)
[![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/webhint/gccemnpihkbgkdmoogenkbkckppadcag)

Quickly test your website to see if there are any issues with accessibility, browser compatibility, security, performance and more.
